You know a couple of things I want you to know or at least be aware of as far as destructuring are deconstructing
excuse me these parameters right here is that they are required so you write in this syntax right here
then this particular perimeter will be required by Javascript.
So if I omit this options object that I pass in right here and reload it you're going to see it throws
me an error cannot deconstruct property secure of undefined or NULL.
So in other words these are going to all default.
All of these values inside of you are all going to default to no or undefined.
Similar to what we did with object literal deconstructing.
So in other words going to throw us an error which is not OK.
So since that's going to happen the way we could get around this is to set a default value.
So what we could do is set this equal to an empty object as default.
And the way we give a default parameter value right here is the same as what we did before with object
literals.
And also with our array syntax so now you can see it actually doesn't throw an error.
And on top of that you can actually assign default values to particular things like your properties
inside of here.
So well technically these would be made into variables but they look like properties so we're going
bring this down to the next line like so and then I'm just going to pop them down to show you that not
only can we give a default value for this entire object that is to be passed in but we can also give
a default value for individual properties if whenever we pass in an object those properties are not
specified.
So in this case I'll give it a default value of true and I'll give this one a default value of foo.
And then I'll give it a default of 2000 for expires.
So now if I go ahead and I pass it in let's say I pass this object and I'll bring this up so you can
see it very close to each other.
If I pass this object and all I specify is domain.
So do domain do w w w like so and then we can print these out.
So when I go ahead and print out this options right here so do cancel dot log secure domain path expires
like so and you can see that all of our default values work.
And the one value that we did pass in the one property we did pass in on our object is already set for
the domain.
So that is one thing to keep in mind remember if you deconstruct parameters then on that particular
parameter is going to be required a way to get around it is to set a default value for that parameter.
And if you happen to be passing an objects just like before with object literal syntax you can define
default values for these properties right here.
In the case that an object is passed in like here but certain properties aren't specified.